feat(component): [time-select] add include end time attribute (#19253)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/time-select.md

| disabled                | whether TimeSelect is disabled                                                                                 | ^[boolean]                                                                                       | false       |
| editable                | whether the input is editable                                                                                  | ^[boolean]                                                                                       | true        |
| clearable               | whether to show clear button                                                                                   | ^[boolean]                                                                                       | true        |

> | includeEndTime ^(2.9.2) | whether `end` is included in options                                                                           | ^[boolean]                                                                                       | false       |

Reviewer: Keep the same format as other props.
```suggestion
| include-end-time ^(2.9.2) | whether `end` is included in options                                                                           | ^[boolean]                                                                                       | false       |
```
